this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing did you know Neil that humans
using AI outperform humans using without
AI by a lot I did know that because AI
can help you automate quite a bit I I do
think there is one issue though which is
companies using AI without humans and
sometimes it works but in majority of
the cases we're seeing a lot of errors
and issues and humans have to go in and
fix it but I think when you combine both
of them you can get more done in less
time in high quality still and the
reason we're talking about this right
now is because I was I was uh I found a
case study and actually read it this
morning and so a this guy Ethan he put a
team of social scientists together
working with bcgs or bos Boston
Consulting Group which is one of the
elite kind of consulting firms out there
and basically they turned the offices
into largest the largest pre-registered
experient experiment on the future of
professional work um in the AI age right
and there's a working paper that's out
I'm not going to read all 58 pages to
you I'm going to read segments of this
post over here with some highlights I
should say and those of you that can see
us on YouTube if you're still not
subscribed to us on YouTube you can see
the images as well you can now see my
screen here and where my cursor is you
can see the the the headline here is
Consultants using AI sorry Consultants
using chat gbt 4 outperformed those who
did not by a lot on every Dimension
every way we measured performance okay
there's there's a lot here I mean I'm
not going to read all this stuff to you
but chat GPT hasn't been out for for a
year yet and we're already seeing a 40%
increase in quality that's just the very
beginning of all this stuff yeah so the
way I look at AI is people overestimate
what they can get done with AI in the
short run in the long run they're
underestimating it see in the short run
right now everyone believes that oh I
can use Ai and just get it going in my
marketing or my business and it's just
going to change everything and we're
going to grow faster and make more money
and save a lot of cost but when they try
doing it one AI technology isn't there
where it can just automate everything
with a snap of a finger requires a lot
of human intervention and two it's
inaccurate in many cases you know I was
reading something about Chad GPT and it
was saying roughly 20% of the time it's
inaccurate but either way it's not
perfect the way you can get it to work
really well in the short run is you
integrate humans throughout the process
when you're leveraging AI in the long
run though the capabilities are endless
just imagine having a robot like from
the movie I Robot that's walking around
with you and is helping you with your
task or knows your life and knows what
kind of music you like and just helps
you throughout your life I think AI is g
to really change the world in a much
bigger way than most people think but in
the short run it's not going to have as
big of an impact on people's business
and marketing as most entrepreneurs or
marketers think you know I think this is
a Bill Gates quote actually where he
says that we un we overestimate what we
can do in in a year and we underestimate
what we can do in a decade right so
we've talked about this on the podcast
before there's three forms of AI right
now you have actual artificial
intelligence which most stuff isn't you
have augmented intelligence and then you
have automated intelligence right this
would be a sense of a lot of stuff we're
doing is augmented or or Automation and
Neil and I we actually did a session
which will'll release in the next couple
weeks where it's about 30 minutes or so
we talk about a lot of practical use
cases for AI Neil what's one practical
use case right now that um is maybe not
as common yeah so use AI to analyze your
analytics data and figure out where
you're wasting money and where you're
not don't have it make changes to your
ad campaigns uh instantly but more so
just flag it to someone internally on
your team and they can review it each
day and that's great because it'll just
help you save a little bit more money on
paid ads and then reallocate that to
places that are performing better simple
a lot of businesses aren't doing that
but if you look at how much money is
being spent on ads spend roughly 160
billion a year just on Google alone
Facebook over a 100 billion a year
there's more savings to doing that than
it is to saying hey let's have ai help
me write a blog post whoopy Doo that
would have cost you 15 20 bucks anyways
and on my end I've been on this
programmatic SEO binge right now we
basically will do the topical mapping
the keyword research and then we will
create we'll design templates for those
pages and we'll just create these
templates at scale and then we'll use
chat GPT 4 and then we'll use a human in
the loop just to kind of spot check to
make sure that things look good and then
we're able to to ramp things up there
now am I saying that works for everyone
not necessarily you're going to need a
site with good domain Authority and a
type of business like a let's say you're
a trip advisor where best places to eat
or best hotels like there's a tons
there's tons of permutations you can
make that is it for today please don't
forget to rate rev subscribe it helps us
grow more than you know and we'll see
you tomorrow now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoy the video like it share tell the
people about it thank you very much